---
title: Me
---

I am not always good at introductions...I remember agonizing over my papers in University to make sure that my thesis laid out my paper perfectly. I am not entirely sure how to do that with this blog post, so with that being said, let me give you a little background on myself and my family.

Let's begin with myself: I am a thirty year old, daughter, sister, wife and mother. I am the second child and oldest daughter, which always complicated my role (I have oldest child traits, but I also have many of the insecurities of a middle child -you think you have problems knowing why you think the way you do :) I cherish all these roles, but I find it extremely difficult to distinguish myself outside these roles- who am I outside of these...NO IDEA!

I think it is a woman thing, at least I am hoping that it is not just me!

I recently came smack into this dilemma again as my husband and I made the decision for me to stay home with our two boys. Our second son was born with a cleft palate, which means many visits with specialists of many forms over the next few years, and a constant eye on his development. It was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do. I loved my job, and the people I worked with...I will miss seeing them every day; however, I know that I would miss the boys more. And I could not give the special care that our son will need to a daycare provider...that is not fair to anyone.

I digress...I don't write formally any more...

I guess I can tell you about my men...because that is what I am surrounded with...one grown and two little men who rely on me to make their lives a little more functional and enjoyable!
