---
title: Zackary
---

Zackary is a surprising individual, and I am not sure if that is because he is my first and I am experiencing the world through his eyes, but he surprises us all the time. And that is not a current description; he has been surprising since the moment of his birth.

Zackary Gabriel was born in May 2012...a whole month early of when we expected him. I had been told many times throughout my pregnancy to relax and keep my feet up due to bleeding. The first instance was on the day of my first ultrasound (12 weeks in utero). I woke and did the urine sample and when I was finished there was blood. I screamed for Jonathan as the first thing that came to my mind was that I was miscarrying. We called my midwife and she stated that we could go to emergency or I could go to work and see if it subsided. And the decision was....EMERGENCY! There was absolutely no way that I would be able to sit at my desk and concentrate on anything other than my baby.

Jonathan answered all the questions that the nurses and doctors had as I just could not keep my tearing up. Finally the doctor came in with an ultrasound machine. He hooked me up and there he was, heart beating, moving from one side to the other...perfectly fine. I remember just thanking the Lord profusely. The doctor wanted me to come back in 48 hours to have blood work to test my hormone levels, and keep the ultrasound appointment for later that day. It was an emotional day.

I had other times of spotting throughout my pregnancy and the last was two weeks before he was born, which sent me back to the ultrasound tech. It was very interesting as I got to see his heart in such detail; the tech said that it was the first time she had seen the heart that far along. It was beautiful!

Now let me tell you more about my pregnancy. I was sick, like sick...I threw up for six months, had a month off and then began throwing up the final month before he came. I remember having to take an alternate route to my parents house so that we did not pass the restaurants...the smell of chicken would cause me to reach for a bucket. I also could not step foot into a grocery store because the smell of raw meat aggravated me. So that is all I could not eat, but there were things that I could not resist:

First Trimester: Hard boiled eggs, spinach and blueberries

Second Trimester: Cheese (cottage and old). I made a piece of toast one day with slices of old cheddar cheese with cottage cheese on top....soooo yummy.

Third Trimester: Oranges and Grape Fruit....oh my goodness, sign me up for citrus.

He already showed signs of being a serious musician. He would do rolls whenever any kind of music was playing from rock-classical. He would get a little more rambunctious when rap was being played.

The day that the labour process began was on my 27th birthday. It was abnormally hot for the beginning of May, so I was already exhausted as the air was broken at work; however, I was excited to go to my parents house and have a birthday dinner (lasagna and ice cream cake...yummy!!). I remember sitting around the dinning room table and my family making bets on when he would come...the consensus was that he was going to be early...little did we know how early.

Jonathan dropped me off at home and went to the church for band practice. There was a thunder storm at that time, and I was beat, so I decided to head to bed. I woke around 9 and felt weird (that is the only way for me to describe it to you). The next part is a little graphic, so if youhave an overactive imagination or a weak stomach, skip to the next sentence. I went to the washroom and discovered that my mucus plug had, well, become unplugged. I mentioned it to Jonathan and we called the midwife who assured me that it could weeks before I went into labour without the plug-nothing to be concerned about. OK, good.

Off to bed I went again, but I could not get comfortable. I started cramping, so I tried to calm myself down and then I felt and heard a pop. I got up went to go to the washroom and my water broke. Back on the phone to the midwife, who had had a long day delivering a baby. She said that if I felt like I was going to deviate from my plan (all natural) or got to 7cm dilated to call her.

Off we go to the hospital and it is 1130pm. I had just done the pre-admissions the day before, which I was thankful I had. The nurse checked me and I was already at 4cm. The doctor popped his head in and said that he had a feeling that we would be having the baby the same night. I was a little in shock as my mother had tremendously long labours.

We walked the halls a lot, and I spent many moments sitting on the toilet (don't diss it, it reduced the pain of my contractions). I asked the nurse when she was going to check my progression and she said she was waiting until 4am. Alright. I asked for another option and she gave me a birthing ball. I was on it for less than five minutes when I thought I had to use the washroom. She told me to stop so she could check me. I exclaimed to her, that she really did not understand how badly I had to use the washroom, to which she responded, "No, I don't think you understand. I don't want you having your baby in the toilet." Alright then. And there you have it, right before 4am I am about to push. I don't think any amount of someone describing that moment and the moments that follow can really give you a clear picture of how painful it is. Thank the Lord, it was quick...15 minutes. And there in the arms of the doctor was my very handsome little man. I could not contain my excitement.

Now because he was four weeks early, he had to go the special nursery. He was a champ; he surprised all the nurses and doctors with how well he did. He was 7lbs 1 ounce and 21.5 inches long...a good size for sure. We were able to leave after a week, and I could not wait to be home.

He is the most imaginative little boy I have met: he will pretend that his winter coat is a space suit and lie on the deck and go through all the motions of someone being sent to space; he builds back loaders out of beginner lego; he takes delight in the events that he constructs in his mind. In fact, we have to get in his face to make sure that he hears us on certain days depending on how entrenched he is in his storyline.

He will also say the cutest things you ever heard: the best that I can recall right now is that for a little stint, he liked watching Toy Story 3 (where in the opening Buz Lightyear rescues the orphans from the plummeting train after the bridge is blown up by One-eyed Bart and Betty). Ok, then while watching another movie (to which we cannot remember the title) the train has a similar fate, but there is no one to help, so Zackary's response, "Man, where is Buz Lightyear when you need him."

As I write this, I can just feel my heart gushing for him. He is my little helper, my sweet heart, my snuggler. His smile can make a super crappy day enjoyable just by telling me how pretty he thinks I am, Lord bless him for that.
