---
title: Jonathan
---

I met Jonathan is August 1999. My family had just started attending a neighbourhood church and one of the ladies was introducing me to all the youth that were going to be attending the same high school. I honestly do not remember seeing his face because he was volunteering in the toddler room and was being dog piled by little two year olds. I thought it was sweet.

It was not long after that, that one of our mutual friends told me that Jonathan had a crush on me. My response, "whatever." I am not sure why I thought that it was out of the realm of possibility that he would (probably my insecurity of my physical appearance), but I decided to ask him on ICQ (not sure how many of you remember that instant messenger). And his response, "Yes I do." HOLY CRAP! I can remember my face becoming an inferno of embarrassment and my stomach refused to continue proper digestion...."oh shoot, oh shoot, oh shoot!" I responded as any level headed, sweet, innocent girl of 14 would....I gave the "Let's just be friends" brush off. In my defence, I really did just want to be friends.

Fast forward two years of youth events, retreats and constant phone calls and you had me thinking that we were JUST friends. I did not think that Jonathan was pursuing me, nor did I think that I was enjoying the pursuit. Well then there came the new girl...skinny, blonde, shy...every guys dream, right? Well that is what I thought. I guess I idealized that type as I was...well, not...tall, thick and brunette hahah. I decided that the only way I could do justice was to hook my buddy Jon up with this girl. And that is exactly what I did.

On a youth camping trip, I consulted both parties, to make sure they were adequately matched of course, and then (spread my match making wings...as my bestie from high school says) and voilà you have a new couple.

Amazing, right...right?! Nope. It was then, at the most inconvenient time ever, to notice that you truly do like the guy...urrrggg female naivety. But thankfully, that is not our ending. Eight months later, their relationship ended (for reasons I need not go into as it really is not my story to tell), and there is my friend Jonathan broken. And despite what some people say, I continued playing the friend role until his heart mended. That is when very awkwardly, during a phone conversation, I proclaimed my "like" for him. He did the same, and the rest is history.

We dated for 1.5 years when he proposed on a cold December night in 2004. My parents and our fellow classmates at university thought we were crazy, "you know when you know." And we both knew this was it.

We were married June 24th 2006 during the most beautiful outdoor wedding ever seen by mankind (I am clearly biased, but seriously, it could not have been more perfect). We danced the night away and enjoyed every moment.

The perfect night quickly gave way to the light of reality. It was not going to be easy. Both 21, in school full-time and already up to our eye balls in school debt...bring on the martial bliss, right?! I am horrible at being naive.

We had many struggles of balancing our marriage and school. I am so prone to being a perfectionist that I definitely had a stronger marriage with Shakespeare and Wordsworth than I did Jonathan. I had my goals and there was just nothing going to stand in the way of an A. I paid the price of that...an A yes, but a very hurt and rejected husband (no amazing wife award for me).

There were several more downs in those first few years- moving back to our home town, no permanent work, money/ lack there of....then there were the questions of family. We knew we wanted children, but when...was is wise since we were sooo poor with no permanent jobs...was that wise not having something to go back to after the maternity leave was over etc.

We decided to trust God, and wouldn't you know, I find out I am pregnant and get offered a permanent job....I will stop here as I will go more into depth about this topic when I write about the boys.

Jonathan is the smartest and sweetest man I know. He speaks wisdom into areas that you really did not think needed any tweaking. He challenges and infuriates me to no end, and despite the fact that some days I really just want him to stop it already, I grow to appreciate his input. And it has always been this way between us-opposites attract.

He is introverted, whereas I am an extrovert; he likes technology, I enjoy reading and watching works from the Romantic Period; he likes pizza, whereas I would prefer a Thai or Indian dish...see opposites. But thing things that bind us are our love for music, family and the Lord.

We have played in many bands together both in and outside school...good times. And I knew we were going to be a good match whenever I saw him interact with children. If nothing else, I was not going to attach myself with anyone who did not want children.

And I guess that is a good Segway to our babies!
