---
title: Timothy
---

There were times where I wondered if we would be able to have another child. We had been trying for many months and it just was not happening. I remember crying and just thanking God for my Zackary. I would cry out, "Lord you know my heart. You know how much I desire to have another baby. But Lord, if I only ever have Zackary, I am grateful. I thank you that you have fulfilled the desire for me to be a mother." I had to focus on that.

And then my wonderful friend told us that they were expecting and I had to just fight the urge to be jealous. I remember in the car on the ride home from that meeting, telling Jonathan that I was done. No more trying, no more thinking about it etc. And you know what...three weeks later we found out about baby #2.

I was not physically as sick with Timothy as I was with Zackary, but I was nauseous ALL THE TIME! I had to have a constant intake of food otherwise I would be sick. And tired-oh my goodness, I remember thinking, "there is absolutely no way I am going to be able to get through this work day." I did, but man it was brutal.

The pregnancy overall is a bit of a blur, but I think that is pretty much the norm with the second, due to the fact that you are chasing a toddler and working full time. He, however, was very similar to Zackary in the sense that they would "get his groove" on while in the womb. Every night when I would play classical music to my tummy he would just start going. It was wonderful-I fell in love with him so much more with every movement. I am not sure if that sounds weird, but it is true. It amazes me how much you can love someone you have not even met.

Similarly to Zackary, I had some bleeding during the pregnancy, but this time it was due to a yeast infection ( a yeast infection that would last for seven months!!!!). It was awful, I had not ever had one and then to have one when you are at the height of your hormones, ugh. Eventually it was determined that many of the symptoms were due to my hormones, so once that was equalized, I was good.

I did have to have another ultrasound as during the detailed ultrasound he just kept moving so much that they could not see the one side of his heart. It was a blessing.

Why was it a blessing? Timothy was born with a cleft palate and I guess often times when there is a cleft palate there is a higher chance that there is a heart defect. So the ultrasound showed that there was no abnormalities with his heart. Thank you, Jesus.

Many moment with Timothy after his birth are a blur due to the time it took to feed him, the endless hours pumping and his many appointments with surgeons and specialities. As I write this my eyes are filled with tears as I remember so clearly the moment the nurse walked into my hospital room to tell me he had the cleft palate.

But let me go back to the morning he was born. My labour was very different from Zackary; I woke-up at 5am with, what I thought to be, hunger pains. I went downstairs had a bowl of my favourite cereal and waited for the pain to subside. It didn't. So I decided to go upstairs and just try and sleep it off. I would eat more when Zackary got up. I think I had been laying there for about thirty minutes when the thought crossed my mind, "Maybe this is labour?" I nudged Jonathan and asked him to time the contraction for me. Sure enough. Call the midwife, call my mother-in-law, drop off Zackary and head to the hospital.

When I was checked in, I was almost 3 cm. So like Zackary's birth, we decided to do a lot of walking and moving around on the exercise ball. I remember enjoying the view as it was one of the first snows of the season. A few hours into the labour and my contractions were not getting closer together. My midwife asked if we would give our consent for her to break my water. Sure, why not. Well my goodness, no wonder I was so large...I could have filled a kiddy pool with how much amniotic fluid came pouring out (and I am not just trying to paint you a picture, I am serious).

The contractions remained far apart, but they became intense. I could hardly stand when they would hit while walking.

It was eight hours in total when Timtohy Michael was born. Gosh, what a handsome sight to see. He had the most pinchable/kissable cheeks I have ever seen! He came in weighing 7.14 and 21.5 inches long. My big baby haha.

It was shortly after they did the physical that the nurse came to tell me about the palate. I can still remember my midwife telling me, "it is the most common birth defect." I remember that word rolling around in my head for a while.

There are different types of cleft palates: hard (bone) and soft (tissue). For Timothy, both did not form-this is called a complete cleft. The only way I can describe it to you, is that when he would open his mouth it looked like a black hole. We were in the hospital for five days. During that time we saw a team member from London's Children's hospital to discuss his treatment. It was intense and a lot to take in.

During that time, I made the decision to pump full-time to give him the breast milk. Pumping was done every three hours, for twenty minutes. I usually did it after I fed him (we used a special bottle called the Haberman). It complicated life. There were days that I just felt like I couldn't do it: Zackary would need something, Timothy would be crying, I would be trying to pump...and that did not include trying to sleep and completing all my other responsibilities in the home-there was a lot of takeout those first few months.

But God is good, and we made it. With the help of my lovely friend Rachel, we were able to get Timothy to one year old on breastmilk. She selflessly pumped for me each week...Lord bless her heart for being such a vital support for me and Timothy. And the wisdom of my sister-in-law whose son also had a cleft palate- she continuously answered my questions about the procedure and encouraged me...oh I needed so much encouragement. And of course, all the many prayers people showered over our family.

Gosh, I could write and write about Timothy's first year because there were so many appointments, so many doctors etc. But I am making a decision to not write about those events with one exception, his surgery.

There is nothing that can prep you for your child going into surgery; it does not matter how many times you try and go there mentally, when the moment comes, you still have not been adequately prepared. On November 17, 2015, I became very aware of that fact. And at 11am they came and took my baby. I remember his face as the doors closed, creating a barrier between us..his precious smile was the last thing I saw. I remember thinking how adorable he looked in his pale yellow hospital clothes. I remember trying to hold the tears as I was not going to be there to assure him he would be fine. I remember asking the Lord, as we had many times before, to guide the surgeons hand, and for Timothy to know He was with him.

Two hours later, the surgeons came to tell us how everything went. He was done an hour ahead of schedule, ear tubes in, palate closed. The great news was that they did not have to stretch or tease the palate, the flesh came together perfectly. So awesome!

Since then Timothy has wowed the doctor with his healing and his development. The last appointment that we had the doctors began discussing speech therapy in the coming months, and when I said that he was already saying words, they were shocked. I love those moments.

Timothy is a precious blonde haired, blue eyed boy. He greets me with a smile every morning and makes kissing noises every night when I put him to bed. He loves to get into whatever Zackary is playing with, and tries to create just like Zackary. He is independent, and VERY sure of his desires. Like Zackary, he loves music, which is evident with his head banging while tunes are being played. He loves people, his blankie and food (this boy can seriously eat ;) What a joy my life is being the drop of estrogen in a pool of testosterone!
