---
title: Are You Kidding Me!!!
---

It was Einstein that said "insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results." Some days I feel like that is parenting. I don't know why I expect different results from my children when I clean my house and hope that the toy room stays tidy; that this time after we organize all their drawers that they will remain that way; when the toilet has been cleaned that five minutes later it won't be used or when it is used that there won't be some aim issues. All that being said, some days it really feels like I am going a little cray cray. I know that one day they will be self sufficient and no longer make those mistakes, and the hope that I cling to, is that I was once in their same situation (maybe not with the same aim issues ;)

And I know that we tend to go through seasons with our children that make us wonder what they are thinking. For instance, we have been finding the forms of discipline that work best for our oldest, which is to send him up to his room, and on this particular day, I had been making lunch when I begin to hear much ruckus. I head up the door and I can barely get it opened because he has completely dismantled his room...his mattress is up against the door. This is the moment where I wish that as a parent you could get into your child's head; what on earth possessed you to think that this would end well, or that this was a good idea, or that this was even something to do! What the heck!!!!

And let's face it as a society we compare: we compare prices, we compare products, and of course, we compare ourselves (even if you are saying you do not, you are lying...you probably even compare your kids development ...just saying). So I go back to my track record and think about being a kid, or even think about my brother (as he was the boy) and try to recall if this was something that occurred...NOPE! AHHHH! I try to calm myself and count to ten in my head before responding (something Dr. Kevin Leman advises). Still nothing, I am at a loss for words, and this my friends, happens to me rarely. How to respond, how to respond...thinking, thinking, processing. What do I come up with...nothing. Finally, after my one hundredth, "what the heck," I say, "Zackary, you are going to have to put this room back together." He looks at me, big tear, "But mom the mattress is just too big, I cannot do that." Interesting how this mattress is now too big after you did the reverse five minutes ago. Boo. Logic and kids sometimes just does not seem to work.

And then of course there is the issue of toys. They just love to make the mess (probably because it is the fun part), but when it is time to clean it up they just can't. "There's too much," or "I did not make that mess, Timothy did." And legitimately, Timothy does contribute to the mess a whole lot more now. My compromise with him is that the parts that I have seen Timothy do, I will put away. He reluctantly will, and it will take forever, unless I am there instructing him. He wants that instruction, which I don't understand since he knows where it goes. Some days I won't do that, or I encourage him that he knows where everything goes and others, I instruct. I don't think that he is playing a game, and I guess even if he is, he is still the one doing the cleaning, so that is not a situation I am undertaking at this time.

And that is only Zackary. Then of course, there is Timothy. He is easier to contain for the moment only being 15 months, but I know that is only for the moment haha. He can be quite the stinker...primarily surrounding meal times. His newest is to demonstrate he is done by flicking his food on to the floor. Thankfully he finds the ASL sign for "all done" amusing, so that has deterred that behaviour. But how two little boys can make such a mess in the kitchen in such a short time frame is unbelievable. Some days I just want to wait until all the eating is done to tackle the floors. I of course, resist this urge, but it is an urge nonetheless.

And despite all that craziness, we do it day-in and day-out. And that is why we focus on all the way they are growing and developing and not the ways in which they are giving us grey hairs :) Love them, mess and all!
