---
titile: Renewing of the Mind
---

"For the rest, brethren, whatever is true, whatever is worthy of reverence and is honourable and seemly, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is kind and winsome and gracious, if there is anything worthy of praise, think on and weigh and take account of these things." Philippians 4:8.

If you are like me, you may have struggled with the renewing your mind. I know what the Bible says in regards to renewing our mind (Romans 12:2) and thinking on the things that are outlined in the above verse as well as to "set (our) minds and keep them set on what is above not on the things that are on earth" (Colossians 3:2). I know that as a Christian I am a "new creation" and as a result have the thoughts of Christ ( 2 Corinthians 5:17; 1 Corinthians 2:16), but that being said, I allowed so much of my thought life to be negative; consumed with worry and fear, and focusing on the areas I had failed in the past. It has been about five years of extreme torment in my mind...to the point where there were times where I just wanted God to take me, so I would not have to deal with my brain. It was this sense of absolute desperation that I began to seek biblical counsel and made sure that I had quiet time with the Lord every day regardless of its activities. I began to read absolutely everything I could about worry and fear and how to have victory in those areas. And it was at that time that God began to reveal to me where all this began, and how to have victory in my thought life.

There was one day that I was absolutely beside myself... I was not dwelling on anything in particular, but I just had such a weight in my chest, such a sense of unrest, and almost panic- I stopped, made sure the kids were settled and ran to my bedroom where I just threw myself on the floor and cried. I simply asked God to "please help." I began to feel my pulse slow down and the weight lessened. I returned to my kids and looked forward to my quiet time. I combine devotional, prayer and then a book on the above topics. The book I had been reading was Battlefield of the Mind by Joyce Meyer. I had read the synopsis numerous times over the last year but had not gotten around to actually reading it. I am so thankful I finally did. I had come to the final segment of the book where she describes how many of us have a "wilderness mentality" and uses the Israelites as examples. She begins every chapter with a scripture verse, and on that day the verse was from Deuteronomy 1: 6-8:

"When we were at Mount Sinai, the Lord our God said to us, ‘You have stayed long enough at this mountain. Break camp and move on. Go to the hill country of the Amorites and to all the surrounding regions—to the Jordan Valley, to the hill country and the lowlands, to the southern region, and to the Mediterranean coast. Go to the land of Canaan and on beyond the Lebanon Mountains as far as the great Euphrates River. All of this is the land which I, the Lord, promised to give to your ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and to their descendants. Go and occupy it."

Joyce explains that this is where the Israelites find out that it was only an eleven day trip to the promise land! She states that the Lord showed her that the Israelites stayed there for forty years because "certain types of wrong thinking that kept them in bondage." That resonated with my spirit. I felt like the Lord quietly spoke to my heart, and showed me that I have lived on the mountain of fear and worry for too long, it was time to get up and move.

What does that look like? How do you begin to move from something that you have known all your life? Many of my earliest memories encompassed worry and fear; I was afraid of the dark for twenty-two years (sigh), I did not have a successful sleepover until high school because I was afraid that something was going to happen to my family and I had to be there with them, and the list goes on...school, relationships etc. One of my favourite pastors, speakers and authors is Kris Vallaton (from Redding California) and in one of his podcasts "Fear is not your Friend," he states that fear breeds more fear. He gives the example of someone who is afraid of flying, they won't fly anymore, but then next, they may not get in a car...next thing, the fear is all consuming that they may not even leave the house. Admittedly, I have experienced that kind of phobia fear... and it is awful. I hated myself when it got to that extreme... and when I say hated, I mean hated.

It began for me with a list- a list of areas in my life where God intervened as only he could; a list of lies the enemy continually brought to mind that the Lord eradicated; a list of God's provisions. And from there the Lord revealed to me that true authentic praise and worship takes you from a place of dread to a place where your soul is rejoicing. Additionally, I wake-up in the morning and just ask the Lord to anoint my day; to give me an abundance of patience with my boys, respect for my husband and to fix my mind on the positive. I wish that I could tell you that as I have been learning and applying that each day gets better, but that is not always the case. However, I have had to change my thought pattern there as well. As opposed to falling into the thought of pattern of "I am such a failure," I have moved towards thanking God that I don't have to be perfect, that I had a rough day, that I chose poorly in what I thought, but that I thank him that his mercies are new every morning (Lamentation 3:22-23). That I have another chance tomorrow.

And God in his goodness has allowed me to see my progress- answers to prayers as I just continue to thank Him for his promises. Jonathan tells me that he sees a change in how I interact with him and the kids, as well as friends telling me they see something different. Oh, how I love encouragement from the Lord.

If you are like me, take heart, it is not the end. Just because a negative thought pattern has been part of your past and present, does not mean that it has to be your future, or even dictate your future. I leave you with a scripture that has been one of my life verses: " Forget the former things, do not dwell on the past. See, I am doing a new thing! Now it springs up; do you not perceive it? I am making a way in the desert and streams in the wasteland" (Isaiah 43: 18-19). Take heart, and move from this mountain!
