---
title: When Energy Runs Low
---

Motherhood is such a wonderfully challenging role in so many ways. Some of my very favourite aspects is watching and analyzing my children's behaviour as well as their personal development-and as many of you know, each one of your children displays characteristics unlike your own and their siblings. I have begun to realize this with my two boys.

They share many similar traits: they both love baths and bedtime stories. They each gravitate towards certain stuffed animals as their bedtime companions; they both absolutely inhale spaghetti and chili as well as pizza; they both love music of all kinds, which thrills daddy and I because we do not have to deal with "Barney" style children's lyrics; in fact, our two year old has started asking for Star Wars theme music when we enter the car (daddy and big brother's influence lol). They have all these similarities, but they are beginning to be quiet different.

Our oldest reminds me of the slogan from the Energizer Bunny, he just keeps "going and going and going" from the moment he gets up until the moment that his head hits the pillow. Some days I have no idea how he doesn't spontaneously hit the floor running due to exhaustion because heaven knows, that is how he makes me feel by watching him. He is so bountiful in this area, that I have spoken to many women in our church community about outlets that they had for their energetic sons. It has been helpful, and encouraging because we have already implemented some of those activities in our home. One of which being working with his hands....Zackary is super gifted in building and creating whether with Lego, train tracks or a craft kit; it is amazing to see what he sees in his mind and then brings to reality. Puzzles and brain teasers are also an excellent source for him- just the other day he figured out one of Jonathan's brain teasers...I was in shock because I cannot even figure out that one! And of course, we have lots of outdoor time with lots of running. We have not enrolled him in any sports activities yet because neither Jonathan and I are impressed with certain aspects of the pee-wee leagues (which I will not go in to). But that is something that will be coming in the near future.

Timothy is also about movement, but in a different form. He loves to play with his trucks, cars and trains and zoom them from one side of the room to the other. He also plays a little more quietly than Zackary; for instance, if Zackary is playing cars you are aware because you will hear the prominent sound of the engine or the gears shifting, which Timothy also engages in, but to a much different volume. Timothy also likes to watch. I know this is also partly his age and that he is fascinated with older brother's capabilities, so I recognize this too could change, but it is funny to see him study actions. He also enjoys to sit and look at books for an extended period of time. It is sweet to see him either lounging in the bean bag or sprawled on the floor looking at a book (definitely one of those moments, when you wish you could hear what was going on in their brains).

So with having two boys who also feed off of each other, I find myself absolutely exhausted by the end of the day. I count my blessing that I am able to be at home because otherwise, I do not know how many piles of laundry or what would be the state of my home. As it is, I am able to have a general routine that the boys are aware of that allows me to clean the house each week. And I love that each day I only pick one or two things to do, so I do not feel like I am drowning in unmet expections (whether brought to my attention from others, or put on by myself). For instance, Mondays have always been my vacuuming day (not that there are not touch-ups throughout the week :) Wednesdays and Thursdays are my conquer the laundry days, and Fridays are bathroom cleaning. This seems to allow us to just enjoy each other on the weekends, which is a shift from when I was a working lady.

However, I am still left feeling like there is nothing left for me to give at the end of the day. All I truly want to be is a couch potato for the last remaining hours I am awake. I find myself continuously asking the Lord to give me the energy I need to get through a specific task or a specific day (especially those that are filled with doctor's appointments or anything else additionally from the every day routine). And even though I may not feel like I have any energy to spare, He is gracious in allowing me to get through each day! I love that my source of energy does not have to be found within myself, or from some other external source; I love that I (and we) have that opportunity to humble ourselves before our creator and just let Him know, "I am so not sufficient....I am not capable etc" I love that all I need to do is humble myself, confess my shortcomings, and He is faithful to get me through. I just cannot say enough about how that warms my heart. And I think I get it a little more now that I have children. If either of them come to me asking for help, I am more than willing to offer it.

So whether you are struggling with running low on energy from your wide range of tasks that you need to get done today, or from relationships that just seem to suck you dry, just remember that you have Jesus to come to; to humble yourself before Him and ask Him to be your source...and trust me, He will be!
