---
title: Help!!!
---

I mentioned in the last few blog posts that Zackary started school in the beginning of September. He is still loving it, which is wonderful for many reasons. I am also reaping the benefits of him being in school-I get to spend more time with my other two little guys, and I am able to get through SO much more house work without having to get school in during the day. Don’t get me wrong, homeschooling is amazing, and I am not ruling out that we may return to it, but for right now, sending Zackary to school is a win-win.

However, the one aspect of school that I am not the biggest fan, is the germs that Zackary brings home with him. We have had a few colds circulate through our home and the last week has been exceptionally brutal. I lost count a how many times I was up in the nights. Zackary was complaining of a very sore throat, Timothy had discharge from his eyes as well as complaining of his ears hurting, and Miles had a cough and discharge from his one eye. So yesterday, I called the doctor and prayed that she could sneak all three boys in. She did!

Upon going there, I began to second guess my decision, “She is probably going to tell me that it is viral and that I just have to wait it out. I am probably just waisting her time and mine.” I have been there before where I have taken the kids in (moreso when they were babies) because they had a bad sounding cough and been told that it is nothing. I left obviously relieved, but annoyed that I allowed myself to get a little freaked out about the whole thing. This time when I left, I felt just awful. I wondered if I should have gotten them in there sooner because Timothy has strep throat!

So on antibiotics we go :( The other two boys are going to be fine. She said to give Zackary Tylenol or Advil (whatever we use) around the clock so that he is not in pain, and to use breast milk in Miles’ eye (good old breast milk is a remedy for a multitude of things hehe). Side note: it was kinda funny when I did it last night, he didn’t know what to think about it.

And that is where I am going to conclude this post. Goodness, I have been in survival mode for so long now, I kinda feel like an empty shell. You know, where there are many things you want to accomplish, but the life is sucked out of you and you just don’t have the energy to get there....that is me right now.

With that being said, despite the mountains of laundry that are currently in my room waiting to be folded...I am gonna take a nap, while the boys do!
