---
title: The Struggle is Real
---

I have heard the above expression quite a bit lately, and I have to admit, I love it! Why? It’s honest. Now, I know that sometimes, like everything, people will use it to express hyperbole, but when it comes down to it, we all have things where the struggle is intense.

Mine lately, has been in regards to parenting. As I mentioned the boys were sick, which ended up being a three week recovery process!!! Urg, what a nightmare. The constant interruption of sleep: Zackary’s throat hurt or his blankets came off and he wanted to be tucked back in; Timothy’s ears hurt and he couldn’t find his coosy (blankets that he loves for soothing); Miles would wake-up due to his coughing and then want me for comfort. Needless to say, I have not had a full nights sleep for many many weeks.

I know many of you are probably thinking, “oh poor baby...welcome to being a mom!” And I get that, totally, but you have to see where I am coming from: Zackary started sleeping through the night at two months old, Timothy at four and Miles had many successful sleeps through the night before five months, so I am accustomed to sleeping a little earlier in the infant stage.

Now something you need to know about me....I am a BEAR when I am sleep deprived. I will be the first one to admit that as well...super BIG bear, not big, fluffy or teddy, but like grizzly bear. I am big on personal space in the mornings. So when I don’t get sleep I have a much bigger bubble that I don’t want invaded. I feel bad about it especially when my interactions with my family are less than pleasant. Now typically my bubble is popped within a few minutes of being up (let’s face it, when you are of mom of three and the youngest is seven months, good luck maintaining any kind of personal space). Ideally, I am good after I get breakfast, but having that time being peaceful is totally dependant on many many factors.

So yes, the struggle is real for my patience these days, and trying to maintain a positive attitude. An attitude that is not despairing due to the total lack of order in my household. (Side note: I am a tidy person, my house is not perfect, but I really strive to keep my main floor looking nice. Why? Well, that is where I entertain and that goal is achievable). For instance, I described to my husband that I had a mountain of laundry in the bedroom to fold, to which he chuckled, but then I actually showed him....the literal MOUTAIN of laundry that had invaded our house and took residence in our bedroom. These days chaos seems to reign.

I have had people tell me that this is the trenches of motherhood...the constant cooking, cleaning and correcting, day-in and day-out. And as much I have had moments where I wanna cry and lock myself permanently in the bathroom, there are little glimpses of light that God lets shine through to warm my momma bear heart; for example, we picked up Zackary from school on Friday because we had a few errands to run in town (one of which was to buy him new shoes for basketball this winter) and I held his hand when got out of the car, but then let go. He has reached the stage where he wants to be more independent, so he doesn’t hold my hand automatically anymore. But he took my hand again and said, “Mommy, I want to hold your hand. I have been away for A LOT of hours, and I missed you.” Momma bear become a puddle. Or the other day where I had made the boys macaroni and cheese and veggies (nothing extravagant) and Timothy leaned over to my ear and very quietly whispered, “Mommy this is yummy, good job.” It is these times that I have to reflect on over and over again because it is those moments that show glimpses of the outcome...the rainbow during the rain storm. God has entrusted these young men into our care and despite the struggle (like any struggle) you preserver, endure and overcome.

One day, my boys will be men, and my house will be quiet and organized and I will get as much sleep as I desire! But for now, I need to learn to take all my fatigue and impatience and frustration to Jesus, and ask Him to carry that for me. That doesn’t mean that I still won’t feel it or wanna dive into bed if the opportunity presents itself, but, it does mean that I realize that He is bigger and more capable to carry the burden than me. And I believe that through the Holy Spirit, He can help me get through this stage :)

Praying for you mommas out there like me!! Xoxxo
