---
title: I WANT!!!!
---

I always think of my Beppe when people start talking about what it will take for them to be truly happy; she quotes her mom as saying that “if you have your health, you are wealthy.” And man, do I believe that!

I’ve shared that we have had a rough fall/winter season with sickness. It’s enough that I broke down and cried the other day. “Lord Jesus, I do not think that I can endure any more. I really want my healthy babies back again.” And I know He knows, and I know that there is perspective, but gosh, I feel like every ounce of who I am has been going into cleaning, changing bedding, making sure that they are getting high fighting foods etc. And not that I don’t do this on a daily basis, but it is even more so....and I think the reason is that this is the only thing that I can do to feel like I play a part in the recovery process. I know I am being naive to some degree because ultimately God has it all in his hands, but I really just want to usher it out the door a little faster.

Do you ever feel that way? Like you are working so much in your own power because you are not entirely happy with the pace in which God is moving. I reluctantly admit to that in many areas of my life. But, part of changing is admitting, right?!

With that being said. I am sitting, writing this as I wait for my second load of laundry to be complete. I had to do an emergency load because Miles threw up at the dinner table. There is just something so gross about cleaning up somebody else’s bodily fluids! Heck, I hate cleaning up myself after being sick, let alone a high chair with all its little crevices.....blah!

And I could sit here and just complain...and I have hahah. And I am so tired that I don’t think that anything else meaningful will come out of me right now. I’ll just keep on going and praying and hoping that this is it. That not only will the spring sun encourage and foster the beautiful buds that will bloom and grow, but that it will foster a healthy and happy environment for my three little men. Thank goodness they love to snuggle it makes sickness endurable.

Praying you all have a lovely week!
