---
title: Oh Boy!
---

Yesterday I saw a water bottle that said, “I work out…just kidding, I run after toddlers.” I laughed because I have joked for many years now, that I don’t need to have a gym membership because my boys keep my running from the beginning of the day to the end. In fact, one of Miles’ first words was “GO!”

My boys are full of energy. And unlike myself, they do not seem to have a ramp up in the morning…they literally go from 0 to maximum speed. Do you have a similar experience with your kiddos? My hubby has commented a few times that he would love to be able to extract a little bit of their energy and inject it into us because man-a-living, they sure can go. It is amazing. It further reminds me of what my mom has always said: “This is why you have kids when you are young.” Lol. Sooo true.

I feel like the Energizer Bunny and myself need to strike up a deal; he can help me keep going and going and going and I will keep him in business. The only thing that outdoes my boys energy is their curiously. They wanna know how things work, how they fit together, and in many ways, to master these quests. And many times, it amazing and hilarious (at times) to see them investigate.

For example, our oldest has always wanted to figure out how things fit together: Zackary has built since he was coordinated enough to place two objects together. It began with elaborate train tracks and now has progressed to LEGO. He will spend hours creating, contemplating what piece he should attach to one another. He has made these intricate motors, satellites, tanks, space engines…you name it, he has done it. His creations actually look like what he has sent out to make. It truly is fantastic to see his hands bring to life what he pictures in his mind. Timothy also has began to question more, and take things apart and figure out how things go together. But he will move outside the toy room and explore objects within the house. His imagination will turn a toddler toilet seat into a kings crown….true story. He had gone upstairs to use the toilet and after hearing the toilet flush, hands washed, he exclaims, “I am the King of the world!” It made me laugh because I thought of Titanic….so I chuckled and said, “You are, are you.” And I turned around the corner, to see Timothy with the toilet seat on his head.” Horrified and disgusted, I began to walk towards him to take it off, but in one motion, SWOOSH, the seat fell down his face and around his neck. He began to panic a little bit, and I tried to get it off….with. no. success! I tried again, no luck. Again, nope. So we travelled downstairs to interrupt daddy’s work day. Timothy was freaking out by now, because, really, who wants a toilet seat around their head hahaha. (And ps, the first thing I did was clean the seat). Daddy saved the day- in one swift movement, he got the seat off of his head. Well Timothy was happy, and you guessed it…he got to go and get all cleaned up by mommy. We also had the conversation about the importance of thinking before we act. Since then my parents have got him a crown to wear, so he can be a king any time he wants (without having to be sanitized :)And let’s not leave out Miles. I was working the election we currently had here in Ontario, and I received a call from Jonathan. He was playing with the boys and Miles left to go into his room. He became quiet so Jonathan went to get him…and well, I guess when the kids become quiet, you better run. He went in to see our 18 month old looking like an old man, covered in cornstarch (we use cornstarch for diaper rash instead of baby powder). Thank goodness, we have a good vacuum cause it was all over the rocking chair too. Oooh, the joys of parenting.

My boys keep my jumping, but despite my moments of exhaustion, I really wouldn’t want it differently. God has guided my eyes so much back to him in my six years of being a mom. He has shown me more and more, how I cannot do this life without him; that he is my source of strength and grace. His are the arms that I run to when I am overwhelmed and weary of the task that he has given us in raising these little men. It wouldn’t be the first time that I have openly admitted that I honestly feel like I have nooooo idea how to raise boys! I am incredibly grateful that he gives wisdom to those who ask for it because I knock on the door for wisdom sometimes daily. Furthermore, in my moments of discipline with my children, he has shown my own heart: when I speak to them about needing patience, compassion or a thankful heart, he gently guides my heart to be aware of and live by example. He is good, to direct and correct his children (big and small).

I hope you all are having a great week. We have started getting snow here, which is AMAZING! I love getting out there myself…there is just something about being able to play with your kiddos in snow….at least that is my opinion :)
