---
title: '"What''ll My Future Be, I Wonder" – Sound of Music'
---

We do this thing in our house where every time that someone says a phrase that we have heard in a musical, we will repeat it back in song. It is corny, and we don’t hold back if we are entertaining, so that can be fun to see people’s reactions lol. And I am a diehard musical fan!!! Some of my favourite moments in life have been when I was introduced to a musical. My first play was when I was four years old-my dad took me to see the King and I...oh boy! That was it, I was hooked.

I love them so much, that when one of our friend’s daughters was in Anne of Green Gables this fall, I jumped at the chance to take Zackary. It made me smile to think that like my dad, I got to share my love for theatre with my little man. He LOVED it...he sat and watched intently the whole play. At one point I tried to pull him up on my lap to see better, but he was very adimate that he was a big boy and did not need my help. Okay, so maybe not so much little man any more...mixed emotions on that one.

Our love for music in this house has meant countless hours of listening to the score of movies and plays. It is hilarious to see how our kids are able to “name that piece” with just a few notes. And there is so much that can be learned from different works...so much history whether it is a historical work or from digging into the background of what was going on in society at the time. Absolutely fantastic...I am just gonna play my geek card on that one.

That brings me to my title. It comes from the Sound of Music when Maria is leaving the Abby to go and work for Captain von Trapp. I love that scene. Her leaving to live a life that was kinda forced on her from the Rev. Mother. Here she is, wondering what on earth her further is going to be like when the life that she was fully committed to is ending. Ever been there?

I have…many times over. As a child there were many slight changes that really determined the outcome of my life. As a child my parents made the decision to move to the the U.S.A, and after four years, we moved back with my dad. Then there was the private school, homeschooling and then public. And then mid-year my grade eight year, we moved to the other end of the city, which meant me going to a totally different high school than my current friends. That was the one that Jonathan and I talked about just the other day; that had my parents not sent me to St. Clair, I wouldn’t have met him or known him in the same way, and who knows if we would have gotten married. To quote Jonathan, “it is funny how slight variations can alter the entire outcome of your life.” And it is true...had my family not moved to Sherwood then we would have been less inclined to try out Bluewater Baptist Church (we did because it was within walking distance of our house) and then I really woundn’t have met Jonathan.

And of course, I had mapped out my life after high school. I was going to attend university, graduate, attend teacher’s college and then teach for the rest of my life. That’s exactly how it went, right? Wrong! I did university, got engaged part way through, married, graduated, but there was no teacher’s college. Instead, I began my working career in administration, and did that until two years ago when Jonathan and I decided the best place for me to be was at home with our boys. There have been countless times of thinking about what my future is going to look like. Will we have another baby? Will I homeschool the other boys for JK? Will I always stay home, or at some point will I start working again? And then of course when you have children there are all the questions that go into their lives: when will Timothy finally get this potty training thing done?! What will be the characteristics that define them? And the list can go on and on and on.

I honestly, could bank down and think all day long. Not a bad thing, but ultimately, I need to learn to rest on one thing...that I am not ever gonna know all the outcomes of my life. But, God knows. And I love to think that “for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose” (Romans 8:28). Life is less than perfect, and it has brought me much pain and sorrow, but God will use those heartaches and those hurts to make me who I need to be. And on the other end, life has brought me much joy and peace, and those moments are also being used to make me who He needs me to be. So “what’ll my future be,” I’ll just have to wait and see!
