---
title: Making Some Changes
---

This past month has been one of those times in my life that I really hope I forget. I know that sounds terrible, but I have been feeling (as I have commented in some of my last posts) that I just RUN. And not for therapeutic reasons...that would be lovely...but I just run from one kid to the next, from one room to the next, and from one task to the next. I am actually putting my feet up right now and it feels MARVELOUS!

And with that feeling comes the overarching surge to implement some major changes. I am familiar with this feeling because I have experienced it before; in fact I see the signs-first, it is the change of my physical appearance through doing something drastic with my hair (check, I just cut 16 inches). Second, is the urge to omit television from my life (check, no more netflix for this lady), and now...a new front, I am going to teach my kids to be more involved in the day-to-day activities in this household. I have faced the reality head-on that I cannot be everything for everyone especially as their demands/requests become more diverse and engaging. For example, Zackary has started showing an interest in baseball, so he wants me to pitch to him all the time. I kindly explained to him that I had to get lunch going otherwise he would have nothing to eat. The result was I set Timothy up with a little mound (a piece of plywood) and the ball. He actually did well pitching...except for the fact that his throws were quite fast, which when you are a beginner at bat, doesn’t help :)

I will admit, I struggle with knowing how to start my kids off with the small chores in life. My mom was a do it herself type of lady...it was her laundry room and her kitchen, so I don’t really have any recollection in being shown the ropes. But on the other hand, I don’t remember having as much energy or moving from activity to activity with the vigor and zeal my boys do. Seriously, they are like these little whirwinds that move around with a force that leaves you wondering how they possibly accomplished all their days goals in just a few short hours. And it is not like they don’t engage and play...they do...it just WHOOSH there they go again. I’ll give you an example: Zackary loves to run...like LOVES to run. He runs mostly when he is imagining that he is the hero overcoming evil. He makes so many sound affects (I feel bad for our neighbours sometimes with how loud it gets over here lol). But we had to tell him to start running a different course in the backyard because he is making a dirt track in the yard! I am thankful though that he seizes the opportunity to get the energy out...we use to have to tell him to go, but now he recognizes he needs to exert himself.

I digress. It is my goal to establish some kind of routine with helping out this summer if nothing else, for my sanity. And don’t get me wrong they both have their chores- Timothy has just recently started contributing. We emphasize that as being part of the family, we all take part in the keeping up the house (with mom doing the brunt, clearly :) It is going well, and it is new so they are more than happy to do it! So more changes for them are coming down the pike, which means I have to think on that a little more and decide what will work best. However, just like anything in life, I expect that there will be trial and error along the way. This is, a challenge I am willing to endure for the outcome.

That is basically it right now. Always trying to find a balance in everything. But that will be a life long task!

Until next time,
Naomi
