---
title: Adjusting Expectations
---

I started listening to an audiobook because, let’s be real, trying to get through an entire book while having young children is less than achievable (but maybe that is just me). So, missing books, I decided to try out Audible. It is awesome! I turn it on while folding laundry and it keeps me going :)

The book I chose, I just randomly came across when my mom recommended listening to an episode of Focus on the Family. The author Jill Savage was speaking on adjusting our expectations as moms so that the “mommy monster,” as she affectionately refers to, does not appear (because no one, including the momma likes the mommy monster). The book is called, “No More Perfect Moms.”

Savage is so transparent, which I find refreshing; she doesn’t put on a guise of having it all together and only referr to her study groups; rather, she speaks directly of her own personal experience of being a mom. I will admit I have cried several times because it has hit home for me.

You see, I was raised with a mom whose mom was a perfectionist when it came to the cleanliness of her home. So that kinda trickled into my upbringing. And despite the fact that now, I enjoy having a tidy house, my room as a child was messy. I mean, I was a kid and. I was interested in playing Barbies and giving her the joy of a happily ever after, and if another toy got in the way of her carriage ride, I simply shoved it over. No big deal, but I didn’t think about the affect that move would have on my mother.

Fast forward twenty-five years and now I get it. My oldest is less than tidy...I mean the amount of times my feet have been at war with his LEGO pieces in the middle of the night is too numerous to count. And I will admit that I have flipped my lid (mommy monster moment) more times than I can count when I just finish doing the dishes and I come into the kitchen to find several dishes on the counter; or when I explicitly tell my men that the laundry basket on top of the washmachine is dirty laundry, and yet, I still find dirty cloths on the floor in front of the wash machine....WHAT IS THAT ABOUT! Can I get an amen?!

But this post is not about complaining about the way things transpire in my house, it is about how I need to modify my methods to bring peace into my home...and well, sanity :)

Savage encourages moms to adjust expectations of all areas of our mothering. For instance, she states that having a jammed packed schedule where there is no time for anything to go wrong is really setting you up for failure; let’s face it, with kids, nothing goes as planned. She continues by driving home the point that our agendas need to have plenty of time allotted for the unexpected. This leads to one of the quotes she said that keeps replaying in my head, “the only control we have, is self-control.” Ouch. I had to pause and take a deep breath, because if I am honest, I have not been excercising a ton of self-control lately. Sure there are moments when I surprise myself with the maturity of my response, but if I am mad, my household kinda knows it. Not good. But Savage has brought to light why this seems to be a reoccurring issue.

I have placed on myself this expectation that everything, EVERYTHING has to be picture perfect. If I had it my way I would have every room be vacuumed, straightened up, dussted; the boys rooms would have all toys cleared from the floor and stuffed animals would have their place on shelves or their beds; my bathrooms would sparkle; even my garage (which drives me nuts every time I look at it) would have the floor cleared with everything properly organized. Is this realistic? My head says, why of course, my heart kinda shrinks back a bit and says, I don’t think in this season. So what do I need to do? I need to adjust my expectations so that the cleanliness in my house is attainable and realistic for the season of life that I am in.

For example, I am resolving to no longer nag Zackary to clean his room spotless or have all his LEGO organized; I am simply going to ask him to clear it off the floor and put it in buckets. I need to be understanding that he has it all over because he is working on a creation, but there has to be balance.I’m not going to get irritated when the floor around the kitchen table is splattered with whatever was last eaten, or that my kids knock their cups off the table (they are learning and I need give them grace). I am going to speak to my family and ask that we all work together to keep the main floor tidy, so that if someone spontaneously shows up at the door, or if a last minute get together is planned, mommy is not running around grabbing whatever is out of place and tramping whatever or whoever gets in her way!

And finally, Savage states that when we are so focused on our todo lists, we miss the ministry opportunities that may present themselves. For instance, she gives an example of how she was trying to clean the kitchen and one of her children interrupted her wanting to have a heart-to-heart, shortly after a friend called and needed to talk about a serious matter...if she had chosen to only do her list than she would have missed those opportunities to breath life into those situations. Let’s not be those who miss those God appointments. Cause, let’s face it, those are the things that truly matter.

I have resolved that my kids may not remember how pristine our house was, but they will remember how I responded to them: did I have time for them? Did we laugh and be creative together? Did I take the time to just be still with each one of them? I want to adjust my expecations so that I can live at peace because I don’t want the only thing that my kids say about me, is that I was a good worker. I want them to know from experience that I love them, and that they take priority over my house.

How about you? Do you need adjust your expectations? There is so much more I could say about this book, and who knows,I may end up writing another blog post on it. I highly recommend this as a read, or a listen :)

Until next time!
