---
title: Raising Little Men
---

One night Jonathan and I were sitting talking after the kids had gone to bed and he asked me if there was anything in particular that I really felt passionate about. At first I laughed because if you know me, you know there are quite a few things that I get excited or worked up about (nutrition, family, gardening etc). But then I began to think about it, and I told him, that I was really passionate about our boys and had a pressing desire to raise them well.

My love for boys/men began at a very early age :) My dad and brother were the first men that I would say that I loved; however, at the ripe age of four, I had my first crush! We were living in the US at the time and he was our neighbour. The Little Mermaide had just come out that year and so we were swimming in his pool pretending that I was Ariel and he was Eric. We were having a blast and then, he tried to kiss me! I jumped so fast out of the water and ran home. I don’t even recall if I ever went back....ahhh, the world of innocents.

Fast forward many years and one of my siblings or Jonathan (I can’t remember) dared me to make a list of all the guys I have had a crush on...insinuating that I wound’t be able to remember them all and that the list would be embarrassing to admit. So what did I do...you guessed it, I looked at them square in the eyes and said, “You got it.” I sat down and began to make the list. I probably should have just admitted that there was a high likelihood that it would be shameful, but it is not (unfortunately) my nature to accept defeat. But they were right, there were A LOT of names on that list...eeek, Naomi fail moment.

Now just to clarify, I only ever acted on one of these crushes because I wanted the guy to come to me...in all the relationships that I had observed (despite the research field not being numerous) if the man was the pursure, you were golden, if it was the girl....well, let’s just say it didn’t tend to last very long.

I digress, fast forward a little further and Jonathan and I are now an engaged couple, and I enjoyed the summer with working for my future father-in-law and babysitting....three boys. I loved those boys. I remember anticipating so much the next day that I would be watching them. They were sweet, and playful, but I learned soon into being their babysitter, that you had to keep their brains and hands occupied. It did, in many cases, mean that I had to be creative. I didn’t bring the same activity a few days in a row unless it was a massive hit. Jonathan would come periodically and help me with the boys. The boys’ mom would leave us her van from time to time, so this one day in particular, we packed a lunch and headed to the beach.

During making lunch, the strangest thing happened; Jonathan had taken the boys to go and play outside while I packed the lunch. And as I peered out the kitchen window into the backyard to see Jonathan being stock piled by the little men, and overwhelming feeling came over me...it felt so natural, as if I was looking at my future. Like I said, it was an overwhelming feeling. I brushed it off quickly because I had a job to do, but it was intense.

I had forgotten about that memory until just after Miles was born. And then it was like the Lord reminded me. And the similarities are almost creepy lol. The oldest in that family, and our Zackary were extremely active: these boys have to have lots of activities to burn the energy and on the other end, plenty of opportunity for them to be creative and build. Their second boy, and our Timothy not only were both blondes, but are super affectionate. And the youngest and Miles well, geesh, talk about strength from the womb! It was as if the Lord was prepping me for the task that I would take on thirteen years later.

That role always felt very natural to me...and I would get upset when people would describe their daughters with such warmth and affection and their son or sons as being a nuisance. Sure, girls tend to sit for longer periods of time and play quietly...boys tend to make all kinds of sounds when they play and their play requires a lot of movement much of the time...but that doesn’t make them less than. I get that it is hard to understand them sometimes especially if you are the only daughter or if you came from a family dominated by females (which was me), but that just takes effort to learn how they operate, which is true with any relationship.

With that all being said, I am going to try and write one blog post a month about my experiences of being a momma of three wonderful, amazing men in the making. Because I truly am passionate about all the men God has entrusted to me.

Gonna leave you with just a little something extra-PROUD MOMMA MOMENT- Grammie, “Oh Zackary, this page wants you to draw the best gift you have ever received. What will you draw?” Zackary: “God is the greatest gift I have ever gotten.” Oh my goodness, definite puddle on my kitchen floor! Xoxxo
