---
title: Running…
---

What a week it has been...it seems to be a constant uphill battle when you have little children running around. And the reason for me saying that, is the overwhelming feeling that hits me quite regularly, that I am not going to make it. There is no way that I am going to be able to keep this pace up all day let alone this hour; there is no way, that I am going to be able to tackle the two loads of laundry that spontaneously formed today after the three that I did yesterday; there’s no way that I am going to be able to leave this kitchen with how much my boys are inhaling these days; there is no way I can give myself to all the boys, my husband, friends and my prayer/devotions (which should be first) and myself when there is always something that seems to pop up and want priority. There are so many times when I wonder, how on earth did my momma do it?!

I help run a once a month women’s bible study called Roots at our church. It is a non-committment, no prep involved study that is geared towards helping women make connections within the church withouth the possble intimidation of prep etc. It has been a great experience (I have learned lots). When I was asked to begin the teaching part I was a few months from getting pregnant with Miles, and, despite the pregnancy and the added work load that one little man can add to the household, it is one of the things I most look forward to in the month. So now that you have a bit of a background, I’ll continue with my thought.

We are doing a study by Jess Connolly called, “Dance, Stand, Run.” (I think I have mentioned that title before). It has been a very challenging study in many ways. And this month we will be discussing how our primary goal...our priority as a Christian is to bring as many people with us to heaven as possible...we have been commissioned...can we say, convicting.

I am gonna be super vulnerable right now :) I have found motherhood more exhausting that I thought I would. I didn’t see myself being one that would get caught up with the cleanliness of my home or, on some days, the kids, but I am. I didn’t see myself as a wife or mother who would be so empty of energy and everything else, that being asked a simple question would possibly tip me over the edge. I didn’t think that I would run out of grace or patience for the children I had longed for, for so long...but here I am. So why am I telling you this. Well, it is really important because of all that, I have become weary in my pursuit, and in my race to bring others into the family of Jesus.

And don’t get me wrong, I most definitely believe that my children are part of that...they are in many ways a great practice ground for discipleship because they ask so many fantastic questions that a person who has been a Christian most of their life, may not think about. But, it needs to be outside my home too, right? Especially if I consider the fact that so much of who my children are is imitating what they see and hear from momma and daddy.

I write this as a truly exhausted momma, asking you to join with me in prayer for not only myself, but for those other ladies who find themselves in a very similar place. That the Holy Spirit would give us that extra that we need, to be who we were called to be by the Lord. Pray for each other, that we would be faithful in telling that Jesus is awesome to all those around us. Pray that we would live true and authentic lives that result in questions that we can direct the answers back to Him. Because we cannot wait for everything to be perfect to do that-life isn’t perfect, and it never will be; distractions will change, but they will always be present. Let’s give God our best, and run with the goal that in just a little while, we will be with Him...and we all want it to be one gigantic party with no one missing out.
