---
title: Choices
---

Have you ever stopped to think about how much of our lives are surrounded by choices? It begins right from the time that we wake-up and can exceed when our heads hit the pillow (many of us have an ongoing checklist we mentally go through while awaiting sleep). I read a stat that the average mother is asked 288 questions per day just from a child….imagine how many additional questions we are asked outside our kiddos.

I have begun to realize that I do not have the mental stamina to answer every question that comes my way in a day; my fatigue is increasingly evident by the evening. There are often times when Jonathan would like to discuss things that need to be done for the business or the family, and I struggle to stay engaged or to make the required choices. I don’t know why…I don’t get why now in my life it is more difficult…maybe it’s age or that I have chatter and questions coming from three little mouths all day, but the reality is that I am on shutdown mode come seven o’clock in the evening.

As a result I try to decrease the decisions I make first thing in the morning (it is one of the many reasons why I absolutely love the fact that my kiddos wear a uniform to school :) Everyones clothes get laid out the night before, backpacks are ready with library books or whatever else is required for the next day; a freezer meal is selected and placed in the fridge; I take a shower a few hours before bed…and these are just to name a few. Do you have method of reducing how many choices you have to make in a day?

And these are decisions that we have control over, but what about the decisions or choices that others make that directly affect us? Having to live with other’s choices has to be one of the hardest things for me to deal with. When a conflict has occurred and one side wants reconciliation and the other doesn’t, you are left to deal with the other parties decision. it’s hard, it’s messy and it’s painful. So what do we do in these cases?

I have had so many people tell me to let go of the things that I cannot change; and I totally get it, I should. Nothing is going to come of me dwelling over the situation, or worrying about when and if reconciliation is going to take place, but gosh, it is not an easy process, especially when it involves those you love the most.

So why does this matter, and why am I even mentioning this? Because it is a choice for me to dwell on the things that I cannot change as much as it is a decision for me to wait on the Lord to see how his glory is going to be revealed through the situation. it is also a choice for me to keep my faith and hope in Him when things look bleak; it is my decision to run away from bitterness and resentment and towards my Heavenly Father.

So I’m choosing today to move in a direction where I dwell on Jesus; believing that one day whether on this earth of the next, that He is gonna redeem all the decisions and choices that have left me wounded.

Until next time, xoxxo