---
title: Patience
---

Do you ever have days where you have told your child, what seems like five hundred times, to be patient? Maybe they need patience while you finish cleaning something up off the floor that was spilled before moving onto an activity; maybe they need patience while you talk to a Customer Service worker to find out where an item is located; maybe they need patience as they await their turn at the doctor’s office….the list goes on and on and on. I tell them to be patient, and remind them that the more they exercise patience, the easier it will become, but I also should be reminding myself of these facts as well.

Waiting is a big part of life, right? Think about it. At every stage in life, we are required to wait: as a toddler you are told to wait until you have finished your dinner before you can have dessert; as an adolescent you are told you have to be patient and wait until you are sixteen to drive (a terrifying concept for many parents); as a college/university aged student there are times where you wait to see if you got into your program or school of choice; you wait to find that perfect someone who will love you, flaws and all; you wait to be expecting your child, and then you wait nine months to finally hold that bundle of joy; you wait to find out if you got the job, the promotion, the transfer….the list goes on and on and on. There is just no end to the amount of waiting we do in our lives. And it is a decision to be patient…that is the learned part.

So lately, I have been asking myself, do I exercise the same amount of patience that I am continuously asking my children to display? Do I wait patiently on the Lord’s timing or am I doing everything else to get myself there faster. Because let’s be real…when we are constantly trying to work things out for our own good and in our own timing instead of the Lord’s, we aren't being patient. Patience requires us to be still, which goes against our human nature. For instance, if your child is doing their interpretation of Lord of the Dance while you finish speaking to the Customer Service worker, would you classify them as being patient? No, you most likely would remind them that there is an element of patience that requires self control. But, do we as adults want to display the same kind of self-control in our waiting?

These are just questions right now that I have been asking myself. Do I model patience well for my children? It doesn’t come naturally….you know how I know this….I have children (it wouldn’t be the first time that we are stopped at a train or a red light and my kids are telling me to go!). But when God puts up the red light for me, do I rev my engines and clench my fists as I wait for the green? Or do I turn up the praise music and meditate on the adventures God has brought me on and will lead me to again?

So as you go about your week, remember the importance of patience:

But those who wait on the Lord , shall renew their strength;

They shall mount up with wings like eagles,

They shall run and not be weary,

They shall walk and not faint (Isaiah 40:31).

Until next time, xoxxo