---
title: Joni Eareckson Tada
---

A few weeks ago I went into our churches cafe to get things set-up for our once a month ladies Bible study and I saw a sign that read, “Free Books.” I got a little giddy becauseI love paper books. Not gonna lie, I feel bad about it, for environmental reasons, so I don’t go out of my way to purchase them (kindle/audiobooks for the win) but if someone is giving them away, that is a totally different situation :) I started going through the stack and was delighted to see some titles that I had read as a child. And then I came across one that I hadn’t, but a story I was somewhat familiar with because I had a cassette tape of the author singing when I was young. The book was on Joni Eareckson Tada. I knew that she was paralyzed due to a diving accident, but that was the extent. I decided that I would take it home and read it to the boys.

It’s amazing to me how often my motivation to help my children learn to look at the world differently, tends to directly affect my own perspective. What do I mean? Well, I thought that by reading them a book about Joni, who had her entire life flipped upside down by a tragic accident, and listening to how God used it for His glory, would create an understanding of His awesomeness. And in tern, my mind and heart has been overwhelmed. And it made me think about how often you will hear, “God uses your situations, even the bad, for our good.”

The above is easy to say, but when it comes down to it, do we really believe it? And if God doesn’t heal us or change our situations the way that we want, do we hold onto that promise? I have been inspired by Joni because she grapples with feeling abandoned by God when he doesn’t heal her; she even asks one of her friends to kill her. Joni was in such a deep state of depression that life no longer held meaning. But, this is where God intervened…through the faith of a high school student. She begins to study scripture with him, and it is because of his encouragement, that she has her first talk at a youth group. After her talk with the high school students, she states that she never wanted to do that again…and fast forward, and that is exactly where God has her! She’s a speaker, author, artist…God used her to bring glory to His name, and to show that He has no limits. When a heart a surrendered to His will, amazing things happen.

So why I am sharing this? How often do you sit and question the plans of the Lord? I know I do? And so often it is because I don’t have the luxury of seeing the end result; I don’t know how my Jesus is going to put everything together. But, that is really when or faith and trust comes into play: are we going to believe that He isn’t listening or that He’s abandoned us, or are we going to believe that He remains faithful to His word? He “works all things for the the good of those who love Him,” and that He won’t forsake us (Romans 8:28). So let’s take Him at His word!