---
title: "Childhood Memories: Part 3"
---

Another thing I was thinking about last night was how different my sister Sarah and I started out. We are only thirteen months apart, so I have joked for many years that she was my twin that decided to stay in there for a while longer. One of the reasons for my “twin” comparison is that we have similar tastes….she lives in the US now so we clearly do not go shopping together, but our little guys will have the same outfits (happened again at Christmas: Timothy and Sebastian have the same pjs) or we will purchase the same tops. It is crazy! But it was not always that way.

Sarah was always very slender and she has blonde hair. I was always a little meatier and had dark hair, and up until she hit puberty, I was at least a head taller. But where there was the greatest difference between us would have been our bedroom habits (waking and maintenance). For example, Sarah always had her side of the room immaculate; her clothes were put away immediately whereas for me well, I would put the clean items away, but the outfits I wore during the week would be neatly piled on my desk chair. Her shelves with all her little trinkets would be dustless, and mine, wellllll let’s just say that my mom would make me do it before I took the initiative to do it myself (now before you start wondering the state of my home, I switched gears in university. Turned out I really did like a tidy space, I just always had my mom doing it throughout our home so there was no mess). Finally though, the way in which we would wake-up in the morning was by far the greatest difference between us.

Sarah’s alarm would very quietly go off with the sound of music (this by the way, never woke me up…in fact, the music very often would play into my dream sequence). She then would climb out of her bed that looked as if no one had even slept in it, and would float off to start her morning (I do not even remember her having bedhead in the mornings). She was quiet and graceful. I think all that was missing were the birds and deer helping her accomplish her morning goals. And then, there was me: I awoke with the alarm blaring it’s obscene beeping, which drove Sarah crazy! But for real people, I could not wake-up any other way. And unlike Sarah, I would hit the snooze button, not once, or twice, but usually three times…it ended up being about another half hour. Then I would pull myself out of bed, and see some of the sheets had fallen off of my bed onto the floor, or lodged between my bed and the wall. Finally after staggering down the hallway, I would reach my destination…the shower- it was all I could do to not shut my eyes and have a little nap there too (I am NOT a morning person). After that is where I kinda perk up! Because it was time to do the one thing I had waited for, for so long….make-up! My parents had strike rule about make-up so when grade nine came around and I could wear it, I took.my.time. In fact, I woke-up willingly for my first few years of high school at 5 am to do my hair and make-up. So now that I looked like a person instead of a creature, out the door I would run with minutes to spare. Sarah once again was super duper punctual-she yelled at me many many times, to get moving. We walked together to school, so she wanted to leave early whereas I was content to get there on time. Side note: you have no idea how happy I was when Fraser came on the scene, it took the pressure off of me cause they would just flirt with each other while they waited :) Once again, I changed in university: I liked to be at my destination with at least ten minutes to spare…funny how that happened.

I hope you enjoyed my trip down memory lane, and that you have some pretty amazing memories yourself.

Until next time xo