---
title: When God Provides
---

I don’t think I am out of line if I was to say that over the past few months we have all been asking ourselves “what if” questions: what if things are not back to normal by the summer months; what if the Coronavirus remains a pandemic for longer than eighteen months; what if the economy takes an even greater hit; what if the kids are not going back to school in September!!! etc. etc. etc. And if you are like me, these questions will keep you awake at night. And like I mentioned in my last blog, I have been trying to fix my eyes on the Lord, being still, and drawing closer to him during this time. 

And although there are many areas that are quite hard (not being able to be around family, friends and homeschooling) the area that I was having anxiety over was both Jonathan and I being out of work. I would toss and turn wondering how the Lord was going to use our financial situation to show his glory. When you have bills to pay and a family to feed an income in very necessary. One night, after having several days of chest pain due to anxiety, I decided to put on our kitchen chalk board a list of all the ways that God provides.

So the next morning, I got up, went downstairs and erased the columns that outlined what books each one of the boys had borrowed from the library and wrote at the top in big bold letters: GOD PROVIDES. I then drew the kids attention to the board. I tried to reassure myself too as I explained to the boys that we were going to wait with anticipation to see all the ways that God was going to take care of us. I continued by reinforcing the scripture in Matthew where Jesus speaks about the birds not having storehouses or the flowers not making their own clothes (Matthew 6:26-34). And finally that God said he loved us so much more, so why worry? They thought it was neat, and like children, they went on their merry way without worry. Sidenote: I believe a child’s ability to have faith that their needs will always be met is an example of why God tells us to be like children….they just have an ability to trust.

Another reason I made the board, was for me; every time I would feel the tightening in my chest, or a wave of anxiety come over me, I would go and stand at the board and read to myself the blessings. And let me tell you, God has not disappointed us. I said to Jonathan one night that there were two divisions in my mind: one side simple screamed “aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!” and the second, was “well, let’s see how God works this one out.” And I kept trying to drown out the part of my brain that was freaking out.

I kid you not, the board is FULL! Full of reminders of how God takes care of his children through the generosity of his children. It brings me to tears every time I read over the list. I really believe this is why tangible objects, lists etc are so important because our minds can so easily forget or be entrenched in something new that the details are skewed. It has been amazing in teaching the kids because it is not just words that I am speaking, but it is faith building for them to see that yes, Jesus cares for them. He cares about every area of their lives, and HE is the one to carry them through. It has become part of their own prayer life; they thank the Lord for each blessing on the list. And that is, one of the ways that I am seeing God reveal his glory in this situation.

Where would we be without a God who loves and takes care of his children. Without the hope in him and his faithfulness, I would be so lost; anxiety would be my closest companion, and life not worth the effort. So Lord, I thank you; I thank you that you saw fit to have us walk through uncertainty if nothing else for you to grow the faith of our family. And I thank you for the generosity of your children; I pray that you would bless them for extending to our family love and support that continues to overwhelm our hearts with gratitude. We thank you Lord, that you are not done….your plan is not yet accomplished, and we will continue to see your mighty hand at work.

Until next time, xoxxo
