---
title: Little Boys
---

When I was younger I had a severe case of chicken pox. I didn't just have one here and there, I was completely covered with multiple layers (and of course, I have scares....cause what four year old doesn't scratch themselves when they are itchy?!). And when you have such a case, your diet is not the same either-I remember having many servings of sherbet. Mmmm, sherbet. I also remember watching Annie on repeat. It was probably for my parents sanity because I couldn't move at all (my dad had to carry me everywhere, which now thinking of it, would have been especially annoying when you consider a young child's bladder).

In Annie there is a song sung by Mrs. Hannigan; "little girl, little girls, everywhere I look I can see em."I recently introduced the boys to the sound track when they did a remake with Jamie Fox. For giggles, I revamped the words to be "little boys, little boys, everywhere I turn I can see them." Humorous yes, because in our household it is the truth! I know you mommas of boys can relate. And when you are outnumbered 4:1 by masculine creatures, there is always one in your line of sight. God clearly wanted to challenge this girl (who grew up in an estrogen saturated household) with three boys!

And why do I say everywhere I turn I can see them? Because literally everywhere I turn, I can see them. My boys have the ability to make me feel the most desired and well...smothered is too negative, but they definitely don't respect my personal bubble. What do I mean? Let me give you an example. (And let me state, that your daughters may do these things too, I am just speaking solely from my experience). The other day I was cutting the lawn and both Timothy and Miles went to get their toy lawnmowers to "help" me. Adorable, right. Absolutely! I felt like a mother hen with her little chicks all in a row...and seriously, we were literally in a row going up and down the length of the yard. I am sure it was a sight to see, and I was getting the warm fuzzies until on more than occasion they rammed their ragged plastic rim against the back of my heel. Cause you see, with little boys an object is not just that object, it is that object on steroids-it wasn't just a lawnmower, no, it was a monster truck mower that was eliminating the unwanted grass...sound effects and all!

"Cherish these moments because one day they will be grown-up and out of your house, and you will miss them." I think on that phrase often when I feel like I have spent the day being a referee, cleaning lady, chef, professional organizer etc. Or on the days where I retreat to the barroom and lock the door despite not needing to pee. I remind myself of the statement because I know that the day my son brings home the lady of his dreams, I will no longer be the number one adored woman in his life. And when I look around and I don't see little boys surrounding me, I think my heart will long to relive certain moments...even if just for a day. However, I do think I will quite enjoy the quiet!!!!

Until next time, xoxxo
