---
title: Be Still
---

I struggle with being still (well, unless I am on a beach and watching the waves splash onto the shore…that is my ultimate happy place). I have always been one that desires to be active. My lifestyle has obviously changed from being a child to an adult, but it nonetheless, is how I operate on a daily basis.

As a child, my days were filled with running, biking, recreational sports etc. etc. In the winter, there was tobogganing, skating, snowman and fort building…the list goes on and on. And these activities were always done with my siblings, neighbours or friends. My mental health was so closely linked to the physical and social that I don’t think that I would have been able (nor would I want to) separate them.

Why does this matter? Well, for many of us right now, we are starring in the face of something we do not care for…and that is stillness. Let’s face it, it makes us uncomfortable; it messes with our brains; in some situations, we may even feel like we are losing our minds!!!

Now don’t get me wrong, it is not like I have a ton of it going on over here right now (homeschooling as well as my every day tasks, consume the majority of my time), but instead of being able to get together with some of my friends for a walk and a chat, I am at home. And in the beginning there wasn’t a tremendous shift (that I was aware of lol) because I simply watched a few movies that had been on my watchlist for some time, enjoyed not having to make the lunches for the next school day, but, you can only watch so many movies haha. I began to feel like the philosophers of old, declaring that there is no unique plot…we simply recycle other individual’s material…what a travesty. Remember that part about me getting a little loopy :)

What does any of this matter? Naomi, would you please get to the point. Surely, and I will. My point is that we keep looking at the social isolation as a curse: the government has too much authority; children are going to fall further behind in their studies; and then there is the reintegration of society…what will that look like when we have been told that we basically are all diseased and to stay away! I am not denying the validity of these concerns; I’m not saying that I have not struggled and shed tears at night because I wanna see and hug my family again, and I wanna be able to have a coffee date with some friends, but what I am saying, is that we can treat this as a curse, or we can treat it as an opportunity to grow. (And please do not get my wrong, I am touching on the devastation of what is happening around the world with loss….that is not the point of this post).

I have been convicted by the Lord to see the cracks and flaws of how I’ve been doing life. I was holding other relationships and yes, even at times entertainment too often above him . (And I’ll be real, this makes me uncomfortable to say because I know some of you will judge me). I have struggled in my Christian walk, “to be still and know that [he} is God” (Psalm 46:10). I clearly know that he is, but being still was never one of my strong suits. Sitting in silence and waiting for the spirit to speak to my heart is not my default. But, now I have been stripped of my familiar, of my comfort. And I, like you, can deal with this in two ways: I can resist it and make this time the worst time period of my life, or I can embrace it, seek the Lord in it, and exit with a greater understanding of his plan for my and my families life. So which will you choose?

Until next time, xoxo
