---
title: BUT God
---

I remember the first time that my attention was drawn to the text, “But God.” I had read scripture verses many times over with this phrasing, but had never really recognized the importance. Our pastor was doing a sermon, and I can’t exactly remember what book we were studying (sorry Tim) however, I do remember his point about the wording; God’s people were suffering and it looked as though things were only going to get worse, BUT God...he wasn’t done…he was still working!! Our family had our very own “BUT God” experience this Christmas.

Christmas Eve morning I called the ambulance to come get Jonathan (my husband). His oxygen levels were very low and his breathing was laboured. I am thankful how God orchestrates everything because a friend of ours, after hearing he wasn’t doing well, dropped off an oxygen reader…had they not lent that to us, I wouldn’t have known how low his oxygen levels were. So I made my first ever call to 9-1-1.

The EMS came, asked their questions, loaded Jonathan up, and then he was gone. It still brings me to tears thinking about it. And looking into my boys’ faces, not having any answers to the majority of their questions (“when would daddy be home,” “what are they going to do to him,” etc). I’ll never forget the expressions on their faces and the tears in their eyes as he drove away-it was heart breaking.

That day was a blur-trying to find him in the hospital was no small task, messaging to ask for prayer, and dealing with my own thoughts. I won’t lie, I cried that entire day unless I had to pull myself together to do something for the kids or speak to the staff at the hospital. I slept with the boys cause I couldn’t bear to be in our bed without Jonathan. And I told the Lord, that IF he saw fit to allow me to have Jonathan back again, I was gonna (with the holy spirit’s help) be a better wife to him…guys, I come from a line of very strong Dutch woman and regardless of how you see me, I can be stubborn…and Jonathan gets to be the only one I share that part with….lucky guy. Why do I tell you all this…well, all around me was dark-the emergency staff at the hospital gave me very little hope; one staff told me that Jonathan would most likely be on a vent within 48 hours (despite not having completed all tests) and the other informed me that he would “not be home for a very long time.” Despite that, I got off the phone, and remembered who I serve, and prayed: I asked the Lord that they would “Eat, Their, Words.” And that God would bring himself glory.

And this is where my BUT GOD moment comes: I had the emergency staff telling me that they didn’t expect improvement, and then each morning when I would talk to his nurses in the ICU, they informed me of his respirations being 2-3 times more than is normal, that the fluid in his lungs had not cleared, that he wasn’t eating, sleeping and his colour was gaunt. “Your husband has not improved yet,” was what I was told three days in a row. BUT GOD guys…but God decided that he was gonna bring himself glory.

On day four of his hospitalization, Jonathan and I spoke on the phone and Facetimed frequently. He said that he was going to be getting up and walking around the room, and that they had reduced his oxygen significantly. It was exciting and I could tell that he was feeling better because his “chipper voice” (as I call it) had returned. He called the boys to see how they were all doing, and answered their questions about the monitors and what stats they were showing. And then….day 5!

It began with him calling me, saying that they wanted him to start walking around the room, off the oxygen. And not long after, he called again and said that they were considering moving him from the ICU and onto another floor. And what seemed like moments later, he said that they told him “they would rather the bed than him, so they were going to watch him, but he could most likely go home that evening!!!!” My heart nearly exploded out of my chest. You guys, five days…we went from a staff telling me to prepare myself for the worst BUT GOD had different plans, God had my husband’s healing at hand.

God “works all things out for the good of those who love him” (Rom. 8:28 ). And many times, God works the good out in situations that we don’t want; he works things out for good, but we don’t get to see it on earth; but he still works. I want to encourage you. I have been in many situations where God worked in ways that I know I will only see the good, when I get to heaven. But, he allowed me to see his glory in Jonathan’s situation.

He revealed his glory by allowing me to have conversations with the boys about prayer, about faith, about the limitlessness and sovereignty of our Lord. And that Jesus loved daddy so much more than we did, and he would take care of daddy. We saw his glory revealed through our community rallying behind us with the text messages, phone calls, meals, care packages…you all demonstrated Christ’s love in a tangible way that I know we all will never forget. The army of people who prayed for us-prayed for healing of Jonathan’s body and that we would be held by the Lord, we cannot thank you enough. When Jonathan returned from the hospital he said, “you know hunny, I never felt sick. The whole time I was in the hospital, I never felt unwell. They kept telling me I was, but I never felt it.” I responded with telling him that it was because he had an army praying and that the Holy Spirit heard those cries and intervened. And at home, we snuggled, prayed and worshipped…we were held in what I called our Jesus bubble.

As much as our Christmas did not go as we had planned, I wouldn’t have changed it. The Lord revealed himself and brought glory to himself; he brought people into my path to pray with us and love on us; he ignited our hearts and brought a song of joy to our lips through it all. If you feel as though your valley is too deep, and the road too dark, I want to remind you that you may be just one BUT God moment away.

Until next time.