---
title: Faith
---

I was raised in a Christian home. My dad is a first generation Christian (my mom actually broke off their first engagement because he wasn’t a believer). And it amazing to see how God works because my dad is one of the most faithful and persevering men of faith I have ever encountered. In addition to having my parents, I had three wonderful siblings; I don’t take any of the moments that I had with them for granted…they were a joy to grow up with.

It was in my family and our home, that the Lord began to teach me about faith. You see my parents were on the verge of divorce when I was six years old; all that had to be done was to sign the papers and make it official. BUT God had a different plan, and by his grace and mercy my parents began the journey of reconciliation. It wasn’t an easy path. After several years of living apart they jumped right back into living under the same roof. It was their dedication and obedience to the Lord that I saw how Jesus could do crazy amazing things…like saving a marriage and a family.

My parents are hard workers, and they do everything without complaining regardless of the strain on them physically or emotionally (I truly admire them for this). Despite their efforts, we saw financial troubles. However, the Lord always came through- clothes were always provided when needed; food was always on the table, and bills were always paid. One year in particular we came home from the Christmas Eve service and a turkey with all the trimmings and presents were on our back deck&elip; there would have been no Christmas (traditionally speaking) without the delivery. I still to this day, have no idea who blessed us. And again, my faith grew; I couldn’t believe how God always came through!

This was my childhood…one step of faith after another in obedience, believing that Jesus would always make a way, always fulfill his promises to his children. And he is that Lord. Nonetheless, I found myself in a very dark place for a few years.

Four years ago, life seemed to turn down a very dark path. I began to question why the Lord was leading me through such a valley; I wondered why I was having to carry the burden and consequences of other people’s decisions in my life, when I wasn’t the one that chose them. I still remember that summer night while in the shower just being done. I told the Lord, I was out; it wasn’t that I didn’t believe that he was still Lord, but I had landed at a place where I believed that I wasn’t the wife for my husband, or the best mother for the children. It pains me to say this, but I wanted to run away. I wanted to leave everything and everyone behind to have a better life without me.

As the water ran, I felt the Holy Spirit speak to me and ask me that if I did that, if I checked out, what did the say about my faith? Was I, in one moment going to deny his sovereignty? Was I going to deny that he uses ALL things to bring himself glory (Romans 8:28)? I was convicted, humbled, and I repented. I had believed one lie after the other, that it overshadowed and blinded me to the fact that my Jesus was and is above my circumstances; that he orchestrated my life’s story with intention. And that I may never know why here on earth, but through faith, I can walk in obedience without having the answers.

My prayer for you is that if you are walking through a similar time in your life, that you look to Jesus…cast your cares on him; he loves you more than you will ever comprehend. Life is hard; and we are promised troubles, but God has a purpose for everything you go through; he won’t leave you behind, or leave you to deal with the struggle and pain, but he walks with you (John 16:33).

Until next time xoxxo